feat(content): Gegno - Corroboration I (#8750)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno I corroboration.txt

		on kill
			"vi backlash" ++
		system
			government "Gegno Vi"
		government "Gegno Vi (Combative)"
		personality heroic staying
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Eclogite"

mission "Full Vi Backlash"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		"vi backlash" >= 3
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" >= 0
	on offer
		fail
		clear "vi backlash"
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" = -1

mission "Return to Giaru Gegno"
	landing
	description `The Quarg known as Adrauni has summoned you back to <destination> to discuss their negotiations with the Gegno.`
	source
		not planet "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		has "event: gegno: quarg talks"
		"gegno: encounters" < 6
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
		dialog
			`Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Please return to our ringworld at the first opportunity given to you."`
				accept

mission "Gegno Anticipation"
	landing
	description "Visit <destination>."
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Dueyu Eitch"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "Return to Giaru Gegno: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offererd"
		not "Gegno Intervention: offered"

> 		not or
> 			"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
> 			"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" > -100
		"reputation: Gegno Scin" > -100
```
there's this one and another one above too (mb you're already fixing it offline tho)

Author: ~~Yep, got some others too.~~

# Copyright (c) 2023 by Saugia
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

mission "Passive-Aggressive Observations"
#	invisible
	landing
	destination "Vigales"
	to offer
#		random < 30
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on complete

> 		"gegno: bgs" ++

Reviewer: maybe this could be made a bit more explicit?

Author: I'm not sure how to make "bgs (background simulator)" more explicit. Besides, who is it supposed to be more explicit for? People editing their save? This is a very particular mission series, which shouldn't be edited really, and if it does, "bgs" is a simple and recognizable enough term to label these events.

Reviewer: I was mostly thinking for ppl reading the mission files trying to understand it haha
"gegno: encounters" would already be clearer

Author: Fair enough.

					goto continue
			`	You decide it's best to not enroach on the Vi's area any more, as there's no telling what they'd do if you continued to do so. Once you back off, the interceptor briefly jerks forward at you in a vexed manner, continuing to observe you until you've left the area. While the Scin seemed more open to interaction, the Vi are clearly adversive to it.`
				decline

			label continue
			action
				set "provoked military"
			`	You decide to continue flying towards the Vi without heeding their warning. With no hesitation, the interceptor begins to charge at you, and the ships on the surface start preparing for takeoff. Even some of the Vi solders on the ground are shouting and gesturing towards your vessel with their weapons. It would seem the Vi are no longer tolerative of your presence.`
				decline

			label leave
			action
			`	You decide to withdraw from the area, and the ships continue on their way towards the surface as if you weren't present. Regardless of whether or not they could have been hostile, getting mixed up with what may be some sort of military exercise could be dangerous, especially with the Vi.`
				decline

	npc save
		on kill

> 			set "yvx killed"

Reviewer: same for this variable, maybe set "Imtydei killed"

Author: Yvx is the name of the character, who may not always be in their starting ship, so I think it's fine the way it is.

	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive ramming staying uninterested
		system "Eogho"
		ship "Eclogite" "Tschelgi Dueyu"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested
		system "Eogho"
		ship "Felsic" "Tschelgi Dueich"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Vi (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Eogho"
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Hornfel" 2
				"Eclogite"
				"Slate"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Eogho"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
				"Tridymite"
				"Mica" 2

mission "Brief Bystander"
#	invisible
	landing

> 	destination "Esstch"

Reviewer: why not just make this mission offer on that planet and fail itself?

Author: Could do, yeah.

Author: Well, actually, that depends on how we go about the missions offering. Having them offer on each individual planet, with a random chance, is giving the player less of a chance to find the missions than if they were to land multiple times otherwise. This also depends on if these missions should be random at all or not, which I'd like some more input on first.

				decline

	on decline
		event "gegno: quarg talks" 11

mission "Under the Nose"
#	invisible
	landing
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		has "Gegno Suspicions: declined"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
		not "yvx killed"
	to complete
		never
	on enter "Aleit"
		fail

	npc
		on kill
			set "yvx killed"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive ramming daring entering fleeing uninterested
		system "Aleit"
		ship "Rhyolite" "Imtydei"

mission "Scin Surveillance"
#	invisible
	repeat
	landing
	deadline 7
	source
		near "Heutesl" 100
	to offer
		random < 70
		has "event: gegno: suspicions"
		not "Scin Suspicion: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
		not or
			"Gegno Anticipation: offered"
			"Gegno Intervention: offered"
	to complete
		never
	npc save
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality surveillance
		system
			government "Gegno Scin"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Tridymite"

mission "Veering Vi A"
	repeat
#	invisible
	landing
	deadline 7
	to offer
#		random < 30
		has "Gegno Suspicions: declined"
		not "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"

> 		not or

Reviewer: that works?

Author: As far as I've tested, but I'll triple check.

Reviewer: maybe it'd be clearer if it was indented, or like just the logic could be inverted to use and, given that

not or
    y
    x
is the same as
not y
not x

Because with ES by default it's ands and you're checking for both of them (and) not being smth

Author: Having it indented and lower fails the data check.

			`	Eventually you end up in a large docking bay where more workers and ships are present. Some of the workers are hauling crates of materials back and forth, with others are talking amongst each other. The Gegno with you then hands you the compass device from earlier, which now shows a series of graphics in a list that seem to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of minable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks, which thankfully you can understand. It is some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to work with in, to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done.`
			`	After one last glare at you, the Gegno leaves you to your own devices. You wonder if you'll ever see them again, considering the way they've been treated by the other Gegno.`

> # Mining jobs for filler

Reviewer: did you forget to remove this?

Reviewer 2: > I have yet to do the mining jobs at the end, but those shouldn't take long at all to do, and I'd like the current content to be played around with the most.

	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive ramming staying uninterested
		system "Eogho"
		ship "Eclogite" "Tschelgi Dueyu"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested
		system "Eogho"
		ship "Felsic" "Tschelgi Dueich"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Vi (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Eogho"
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Hornfel" 2
				"Eclogite"
				"Slate"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "interrupted arena"
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Eogho"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
				"Tridymite"
				"Mica" 2

mission "Brief Bystander"
	invisible
	landing
	destination "Esstch"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on complete
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Reviewer 2: The difficulty here is that the player would have seen those scattered recording instruments on previous visits. This sentence went through iteration, as it was initially written to assume that the player had landed here before. Now, it's supposed to be neutral to whether or not the player has already been here.

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Reviewer 3: Ah. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet suggest that the Gegno are keeping an attentive eye on it. However, and despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl, you find no other sign of any interest on the part of the Gegno. Since they don't strictly own this planet, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and the Gegno seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`
```

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Reviewer 2: Hmmmm... What about:

```suggestion
			`The presence of scattered old recording instruments on the surface of this planet seems to contradict the apparent disinterest with which the Gegno appear to be treating it at present; despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl, the planet is apparently deserted. Still, since this planet isn't strictly controlled by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`
```

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Author: Re Moctave's example - the Gegno are certainly not keeping an eye on it.

Rov - breaking it off from a period makes the first half of the paragraph one long run-on sentence.

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Reviewer 2: It's not a run-on sentence, because a semi-colon is breaking up the two independent clauses. I chose to use a semi-colon rather than a period because the two thoughts are linked. The first half is telling you that there is something contradictory about the presence of recording instruments and the apparent disinterest. The second half is following up by explaining that even though the planet is in their home system, it's rather deserted. These two statements go together well imo.

If you mean that it just looks way too long visually, then you could swap the semi-colon for a period. But I personally think it reads better with the semi-colon.

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Author: I still think the second option is a bunch of wordiness that isn't otherwise needed. I'd cut "at present", leave a period after "it", etc..

> 			`The presence of scattered recording instruments on the surface of this planet contradicts what little interest the Gegno appear to be giving it nowadays, despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl. Still, since this planet isn't strictly owned by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`The presence of scattered old recording instruments on the surface of this planet seems to contradict the apparent disinterest with which the Gegno appear to be treating it. Despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl, the planet is apparently deserted. Still, since this planet isn't strictly controlled by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`
```
Like this?

			`	However, as you fly around, you notice a small Gegno shuttle parked on the ground. The tan coloration of its hull suggests that it's a civilian craft, but what it's doing here is unknown.`
			choice
				`	Investigate.`
					goto investigate
				`	Leave them be.`
					decline

			label investigate
			action
				set "gegno: approached bystander"

> 			`	You steer your ship towards the shuttle, and once you approach it, you are able to see a Gegno on the ground fiddling with one of the nearby devices. Though, as you fly closer, they stop their work and return to their shuttle, taking off shortly after. It seems like they weren't interested in any potential interaction with you.`

Author: This isn't an example of telling the player what they are thinking. It's an appearance-based assumption that they weren't interested. What the player thinks isn't what determines whether or not they are interested in interaction, it's how the Gegno portray themselves, which the player as a human would interpret as the original example. I don't think this needs changing.

> 			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`

Reviewer 2: If going with this suggestion, remove the last comma (before the `and`).

> 			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`

Author: The first half is fine, I'm not really big on "succumb to the elements" though. Something more in-line with aging would be better to convey the original point.

> 			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I just wasn't sure what to put there. I'm not sure, for example, that I would expect rust if it was constantly being sandblasted.

> 			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`

Author: The Gegno wasn't "working on it" to make it "different" than the other satellites. They were fiddling with it.

> 			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`

Author: This doesn't avoid what I was saying above - "working on it" has a different connotation than "tinkering" or "fiddling". The former suggests they were doing it as a task, while the latter is more arbitrary.

				decline

mission "Scin on Cyife"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Cyife"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation

> 			`Nothing is of much interest on a cold, unwelcoming moon in the middle of nowhere. However, there's something about the surface of Cyife that is a bit peculiar. Some of the light refracted through the surface seemingly dissipates or reflects back in strange patterns. Although it appears to be ice, more detailed inspection reveals that small patches of the terrain seem to instead be made of some other type of crystalline material. In the distance is something that truly stands out on this world - a large egg-shaped structure with a green hue to it.`

Author: I disagree - this is describing to the viewer the setting. Telling them would be "You see this which you think is that," etc.. Something strange to human is strange, especially considering alien nature. We do this elsewhere, so I don't think this needs changing.

> 			branch "saw epidote"
> 				has "scin: approached epidote"
> 
> 			branch "boarded epidote"
> 				has "scin: entered epidote"

Reviewer 2: Playtesting revealed a bug here. If you entered the epidote, you would still get shunted to the `saw epidote` label because it comes first in the code. Suggesting you reverse the order, or the player has no way of reaching `boarded epidote`.
```suggestion
			branch "boarded epidote"
				has "scin: entered epidote"

			branch "saw epidote"
				has "scin: approached epidote"
```

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be some sort of large Gegno ship, and judging by the coloring, belongs to the Scin faction. What it's doing this far away from their home space is a mystery, much like the moon it's stationed on. Or, at least, was stationed on, as after a few seconds, it launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. There doesn't seem to be anything left at the place it was parked at, so it's hard to know what the Scin were doing here to begin with.`

Reviewer 2: Comma between `ship` and `with` shouldn't be there.
Comma between `parked` and `and` shouldn't be there either.

				decline

			label "saw epidote"

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be a large Gegno Scin ship, similar to the one you encountered during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. What it's doing this far away from their home space is a mystery, much like the moon it's stationed on. Or, at least, was stationed on, as after a few seconds, it launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. Perhaps it was some sort of surveillance ship spying on the nearby Gegno Vi systems.`

Author: Edited the suggestion: "revealed to be", and removed commas.

				decline

			label "boarded epidote"

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be one of the Gegno Scin's large research ships, the same kind that you've been inside of during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. It's possible the Scin found the mysteriousness of Cyife worth traveling so far from their home space to investigate, but you'll never know, as after a few seconds, the ship launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. They also didn't seem to leave anything behind, though the site the ship was parked at does appear to be one of the many strange regions of the moon.`

Reviewer 2: What does "Sol" mean in this context? Why is that backwards?
I'm landed -> now I'm in the moon's atmosphere -> now I have fully left the moon.

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be one of the Gegno Scin's large research ships, the same kind that you've been inside of during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. It's possible the Scin found the mysteriousness of Cyife worth traveling so far from their home space to investigate, but you'll never know, as after a few seconds, the ship launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. They also didn't seem to leave anything behind, though the site the ship was parked at does appear to be one of the many strange regions of the moon.`

Reviewer 3: SoI stands for Sphere of Influence. Technically, this refers to the area in which objects "fall" toward a planet or moon, although I sort of meant to use it to refer to the area around the moon that you would consider part of the moon.

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be one of the Gegno Scin's large research ships, the same kind that you've been inside of during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. It's possible the Scin found the mysteriousness of Cyife worth traveling so far from their home space to investigate, but you'll never know, as after a few seconds, the ship launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. They also didn't seem to leave anything behind, though the site the ship was parked at does appear to be one of the many strange regions of the moon.`

Reviewer 2: Oh, I thought that was a lowercase `l` and read that as `Sol`, the name of our sun.

Either interpretation is valid imo. You could say that you have not truly left the planet until you have exited its atmosphere, or you could say that you have left the planet as soon as you have launched.

				decline

mission "Battle over Zydee"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	to complete
		never
	source "Zydee"
	on offer
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation
			`Although this planet is uninhabited, there are more than a few Gegno Scin ships currently parked across the surface. It seems like there's an ongoing operation to continue constructing what infrastructure has been built in past, and the hard-working Scin pay little to no attention to your visit.`

> 			`	However, a few moments later, the Scin suddenly start scurrying to their ships. You haven't gotten close enough to alarm them, at least from your experiences with them so far. They begin taking off one by one in a hurried fashion, but not towards you - the <ship>'s sensors suddenly begin picking up a large Gegno Vi fleet entering the system. It appears that this place is turning into a battlefield, and getting caught up in the middle of it is likely something you should avoid.`

Author: There aren't any civilians here - this is a huge battle between the factions. Your "experiences so far" would mean essentially flying past them in space, in which indeed that never sets off either faction ships in alert of the player thus far.

	invisible
	landing
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		"gegno: encounters" >= 3
		"gegno: encounters" < 6
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`After you go through your post-docking routine and enter the ringworld, you can't help but feel that something is a bit off. Normally, the Quarg here would be swiftly walking about, focused on attending to their duties, but for some reason, there seem to be fewer of them around than usual. Moreover, those you do come across are occasionally having discussions with one another, sometimes looking in your direction even for the slightest second. What stands out the most is the utter lack of any Gegno in the area you're visiting.`
			`	A few minutes later, while you are making your way through the pristine interior of the ring, you hear a voice call to you from down one of the various branching corridors. Turning around, you recognize the unique attire of the Quarg whom has helped you in the past, along with a few others. "Circumstantial greetings once more, <first> <last>. Might we have a significant moment of your attention?"`
			choice
				`	"Sure."`
					goto "follow"
				`	"How long will it take?"`

> 			`	"As long as is required, for this matter is of symbolic importance," it says, with a slightly elevated tone.`

Reviewer 2: We do

			choice
				`	"Sure."`
					goto "follow"
				`	"How long will it take?"`
			`	"As long as is required, for this matter is of symbolic importance," it says, with a slightly elevated tone.`

			label follow

> 			`	You follow the group of Quarg to a smaller discussion room, similar to the one you've visited before. Or perhaps you've been visiting a different room each time, considering how unfathomably large a ringworld is. Once you sit down with the Quarg from before, it looks at you for a moment, looks down at the table, then back up to you.`

Author: Probably gonna find a better way to word this.

			`	"Formerly, I have offered suggestions of heedful interplay regarding the Gegno. We have been alerted of a few additional encounters you've experienced, although they seemed minimal in nature. In such cases, it has been generally described that you left in a timely manner, for which we are notably appreciative. However," the Quarg continues, "despite your efforts in recommended cautions, there are some Gegno figures of meaningful standing that expressed frustration in your trivial appearances. They inquired of us as to the possibility of unnecessary reoccurrences."`
			choice
				`	"Why does this frustrate them?"`
					goto imagine
				`	"I haven't done any harm to them."`
					goto harm
				`	"It was more coincidential than anything."`
					goto coincidental
				`	"I wish to learn more about them."`
					goto learn

			label harm

> 			`	"One does not need invoke violence to greatly harm another. However purest intentions may be, even the smallest unbeknownst action may rapidly tumble to one not forseenly desired." The Quarg then ponders for a moment.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"One does need not invoke violence to greatly harm another. However purest intentions may be, even the smallest unbeknownst action may rapidly tumble to one not forseenly desired." The Quarg then ponders for a moment.`
```
Good suggestion, mOctave, but I think the above fits Adrauni's grandiloquent style a tiny bit better.

					goto learn

			label harm

> 			`	"One does not need invoke violence to greatly harm another. However purest intentions may be, even the smallest unbeknownst action may rapidly tumble to one not forseenly desired." The Quarg then ponders for a moment.`

Reviewer 4: Both `"Why does this frustrate them?"` and `"I haven't done any harm to them."` will fall to the "label harm" text. Is that intentional? Additionally, goto harm and label harm seem unnecessary.

				goto imagine
				
			label coincidental
			`	"Even a mere brief coincidence may cause a result not desired, neither foreseen, by the instigator. All living things owe their existence to series of arbitrary coincidences." The Quarg then ponders for a moment.`
				goto imagine

			label learn
			`	"Not always does the desire to learn lead to pleasant opportunities. The most curious of creatures can easily be harmed when naive to the nature of their interests." The Quarg then ponders for a moment.`

> 				goto imagine

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

			`	The rest of the Quarg, who have been listening to the conversation attentively the whole time, begin to escort you out of the room. If the Gegno are willing to go as far as to contact the Quarg about your appearances, then this is truly an important matter to them. For the time being, it's probably best to allow the Quarg to find some kind of resolution with the Gegno while you keep your distance.`
				decline

			label "negative rep"
			`	"Formerly, I have offered suggestions of heedful interplay regarding the Gegno. However, we are increasingly aware of correlative happenings upon them involving yourself. It would seem consequential events have indeed occurred. Not often previously were we approached by Gegno, but on a few notable occasions now have meaningful figures sought us out for inquiry - most notably due to violent circumstances." The Quarg stares at you for an extended period of time, waiting for some kind of answer.`
			choice
				`	"They attacked me first."`
				`	"I wanted to get their attention."`
					goto attention
				`	"Violence happens all the time in human space, but the Quarg don't seem interested in it."`
					goto violence

> 			`	The Quarg once again pauses for a long moment, staring at you. "Based on some principles, I may see reason for them to be, inclined, to do such. However, to do so in this case would not line with their elder's interest, nor would any, fabrications." The Quarg blinks at you, then ponders for a moment.`

Reviewer 4: It feels weird to start this off with "once again pauses" when it is after our saying something. Before the choice, the Quarg was already just staring at you for a while, so saying it paused again doesn't seem right as it wasn't doing anything. Maybe change it to be stating like in the others how it takes a bit to consider what you said or blink or whatever.

				goto cases

			label attention
			`	The Quarg blinks. "And you found a suitable solution to your, problem, by instigating unprovoked hostilities?" The Quarg then continues to stare at you in what you presume to be a judgemental manner for an awkward amount of time, then ponders to itself.`
				goto cases

			label violence
			`	The Quarg takes a long moment to ponder your statement, as if it wasn't expecting such a response. "Indeed, it is known that conflict is commonly natural amongst you quarrelsome humans. But this matter is of another sort." The Quarg then thinks to itself again for a little longer.`

			label cases

> 			`	"Imagine, if you will, during the substantial conflicts the humans call the Turf Wars, a hostile alien came to human space. We Quarg woefully witnessed that hazardous conflict - it was a time of great waste, unfortunate peril, and unsavory distrust among humanity. The Gegno are in a vulnerable state notably comparable to such a time, and introduction of even more hostilities would not befit the case, especially of those from the outside. We have been contacted by numerous members of high Gegno standing and wish for it to be matter only for further strict cautionaries, but regrettably, the Gegno believe it a matter beyond intricate attentiveness." The Quarg leaves its chair and motions you to do the same.`

Reviewer 2: The last sentence from the Quarg might be a bit hard to understand. Could you please take a stab at rewriting it?

> 			`	"Imagine, if you will, during the substantial conflicts the humans call the Turf Wars, a hostile alien came to human space. We Quarg woefully witnessed that hazardous conflict - it was a time of great waste, unfortunate peril, and unsavory distrust among humanity. The Gegno are in a vulnerable state notably comparable to such a time, and introduction of even more hostilities would not befit the case, especially of those from the outside. We have been contacted by numerous members of high Gegno standing and wish for it to be matter only for further strict cautionaries, but regrettably, the Gegno believe it a matter beyond intricate attentiveness." The Quarg leaves its chair and motions you to do the same.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"Imagine, if you will, during the substantial conflicts the humans call the Turf Wars, a hostile alien came to human space. We Quarg woefully witnessed that hazardous conflict - it was a time of great waste, unfortunate peril, and unsavory distrust among humanity. The Gegno are in a vulnerable state notably comparable to such a time, and introduction of even more hostilities would not befit the case, especially of those from the outside. We have been contacted by numerous members of high Gegno standing and wish for this to be a matter only of further strict cautionaries, but regrettably, the Gegno believe it a matter beyond attentiveness." The Quarg leaves its chair and motions you to do the same.`
```

			choice
				`	(Stand up.)`

> 			`	"You are recommended for departure from Gegno space as of this decisive moment. Meanwhile, we shall attempt a most careful negotiation with their hierarchy to come in terms of an acceptable toleration of storts. Should we find commonality, you will receive communication from one of the title 'Adrauni', as has been bestowed upon me."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"You are recommended for departure from Gegno space as of this decisive moment. Meanwhile, we shall attempt a most careful negotiation with their hierarchy to come in terms of an acceptable toleration of sorts. Should we find commonality, you will receive communication from one of the title 'Adrauni', as has been bestowed upon me."`
```

			`	As the rest of the Quarg escort you out of the room, the Quarg named 'Adrauni' addresses you one last time. "Do avoid any further, violent tendencies, captain." If the Gegno are willing to go as far as to contact the Quarg, then this is truly an important matter to them. For the time being, it's probably best to listen to the Quarg's warnings this time around and leave Gegno space until some kind of resolution is found, if at all.`
				decline

	on decline

> 		event "gegno: quarg talks" 11

Reviewer 2: Might be cool to have this event take longer to fire if the player came into this with negative rep.
Could implement it as `on accept` for the neutral option and `on decline` for the negative one

		not	"Gegno Intervention: offered"
	npc
		on kill
			"vi backlash" ++
		system "Ookmya"
		government "Gegno Vi (Combative)"
		personality heroic staying
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant 10
				"Dunite"
			variant
				"Dunite" 2

mission "Veering Vi B"
	repeat
	invisible
	landing
	deadline 7
	to offer
		random < 30
		has "Gegno Suspicions: declined"
		not "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
		not	"Gegno Anticipation: offered"
		not	"Gegno Intervention: offered"
	npc
		on kill
			"vi backlash" ++
		system
			government "Gegno Vi"
		government "Gegno Vi (Combative)"
		personality heroic staying
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Eclogite"

mission "Full Vi Backlash"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		"vi backlash" >= 3
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" >= 0
	on offer
		fail
		clear "vi backlash"
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" = -1

mission "Return to Giaru Gegno"
	landing
	description `The Quarg known as Adrauni has summoned you back to <destination>.`
	source
		not planet "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		or
			has "event: gegno: quarg talks"
			"gegno: encounters" >= 6
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
		dialog

> 			`Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`

Author: I had a discussion about this with Arachi to which the Quarg would likely not hesitate to not say a name at all, so for clarification and gameplay purposes I've left Adrauni's name in the message.

			"gegno: encounters" >= 6
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter
		dialog

> 			`Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to our ringworld at the first opportunity given to you."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`
```
Better to specify which ringworld

				accept
	on complete
		fail "Scin Surveillance"
		fail "Veering Vi A"
		fail "Veering Vi B"

mission "Gegno Anticipation"
	landing
	description "Visit <destination>."
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Dueyu Eitch"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "Return to Giaru Gegno: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
		not "event: gegno: apprehension"
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" > -100
		"reputation: Gegno Scin" > -50
	on offer
		conversation
			branch "negative rep"
				or
					"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
					"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0

> 			`Once you land on the ringworld, you are greeted by a small group of Quarg who quickly motion you to follow them. They escort you through various halls of the ring, still seemingly lacking presence of the Gegno. Down at the end of the next corridor, you see Adrauni waiting for you, though beside him is a Gegno in some form of strange attire. Once you meet up with them, the other Quarg head off to a different direction, and Adrauni begins walking down another hallway. "Please, indulge in accompanying us."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`Once you land on the ringworld, you are greeted by a small group of Quarg who quickly motion you to follow them. They escort you through various halls of the ring, still seemingly lacking the presence of any Gegno. Down at the end of the next corridor, you see Adrauni waiting for you, though beside him is a Gegno in some form of strange attire. Once you meet up with them, the other Quarg head off in a different direction, and Adrauni begins walking down another hallway. "Please, indulge in accompanying us."`
```

> 			`Once you land on the ringworld, you are greeted by a small group of Quarg who quickly motion you to follow them. They escort you through various halls of the ring, still seemingly lacking presence of the Gegno. Down at the end of the next corridor, you see Adrauni waiting for you, though beside him is a Gegno in some form of strange attire. Once you meet up with them, the other Quarg head off to a different direction, and Adrauni begins walking down another hallway. "Please, indulge in accompanying us."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Once you land on the ringworld, you are greeted by a small group of Quarg who quickly motion you to follow them. They escort you through various halls of the ring, still seemingly lacking presence of the Gegno. Down at the end of the next corridor, you see Adrauni waiting for you, though beside it is a Gegno in some form of strange attire. Once you meet up with them, the other Quarg head off to a different direction, and Adrauni begins walking down another hallway. "Please, indulge in accompanying us."`
```

			choice
				`	"Maybe it's better I do leave them alone."`
					goto "better"
				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "convince"
			`	Adrauni gives you a slight glare while continuing through the ringworld. "Do you not recall my prior mention of us Quarg having attempted such desired persuasions? It is not within our ability to convince the Gegno of anything. They are greatly devoted to their own, and will go beyond any boundary to oppose counsel, even by us Quarg."`
			choice
				`	"Maybe it's better I do leave them alone."`
					goto "better"
				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "deny me"
			action
				set "gegno word: reject"
			`	After a brief delay, Adrauni turns to the Gegno, mutters something in their language, then responds to you. "I see. And what do you propose is the reasoning for that?"`
			choice
				`	"The way they act around me."`
				`	"From what you've told me before."`
					goto "before"
				`	"I don't know."`
					goto "unsure"

> 			`	"Indeed, the Gegno are wary of you, who lacks caution." A few seconds, and Adrauni gives a strange look towards the Gegno. You aren't sure what it's thinking. The Gegno asks something in their language, but receives no response. A few more moments go by before Adrauni speaks again. "Despite that, you have found yourself in precarious situations we have not. We as a species embraced contact with the Gegno, however, you remain the only human here. Perhaps therein lies a notable implication of distinction."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Indeed, the Gegno are wary of you, who lacks caution." A few seconds pass, and Adrauni gives a strange look towards the Gegno. You aren't sure what it's thinking. The Gegno asks something in their language, but receives no response. A few more moments go by before Adrauni speaks again. "Despite that, you have found yourself in precarious situations we have not. We as a species embraced contact with the Gegno, however, you remain the only human here. Perhaps therein lies a notable implication of distinction."`
```
Does First Last already have an understanding of when a Gegno speaker is _asking_ something?
If not, maybe a blurb about how the Gegno seems to look at the Quarg expectantly but then give up waiting for an answer?

			choice
				`	"Are you saying there's something I can do?"`
					goto "understand"
				`	"I'm not sure I understand."`
					goto "interest"

			label "before"

> 			`	"I see." Adrauni blinks slowly while staring at you. It's almost as if it is surprised, or at the very least, not expecting that response. "Wise it is that you follow my fortunate instruction. If it weren't as such, I may not be the one speaking with you in this moment. Or, perhaps, it would be no one." It then looks forward again as you continue on your stroll, leaving you to think on those words. "Unfortunately, the Quarg are unable to further assist you in this delicate matter. If you recall, we have attempted prior consel with the Gegno, yet bound they are in their ways, even should it mean incredulously opposing us Quarg."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"I see." Adrauni blinks slowly while staring at you. It's almost as if it is surprised, or at the very least, not expecting that response. "Wise it is that you follow my fortunate instruction. If it weren't as such, I may not be the one speaking with you in this moment. Or, perhaps, it would be no one." It then looks forward again as you continue on your stroll, leaving you to think on those words. "Unfortunately, the Quarg are unable to further assist you in this delicate matter. If you recall, we have attempted prior counsel with the Gegno, yet bound they are in their ways, even should it mean incredulously opposing us Quarg."`
```

> 			`	"I see." Adrauni blinks slowly while staring at you. It's almost as if it is surprised, or at the very least, not expecting that response. "Wise it is that you follow my fortunate instruction. If it weren't as such, I may not be the one speaking with you in this moment. Or, perhaps, it would be no one." It then looks forward again as you continue on your stroll, leaving you to think on those words. "Unfortunately, the Quarg are unable to further assist you in this delicate matter. If you recall, we have attempted prior consel with the Gegno, yet bound they are in their ways, even should it mean incredulously opposing us Quarg."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"I see." Adrauni blinks slowly while staring at you. It's almost as if it is surprised, or at the very least, not expecting that response. "Wise it is that you follow my fortunate instruction. If it weren't as such, I may not be the one speaking with you in this moment. Or, perhaps, it would be no one." It then looks forward again as you continue on your stroll, leaving you to think on those words. "Unfortunately, the Quarg are unable to further assist you in this delicate matter. If you recall, we have attempted prior counsel with the Gegno, yet bound they are in their ways, even should it mean incredulously opposing us Quarg."`
```

			choice
				`	"Maybe it's better I do leave them alone."`
					goto "better"
				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "unsure"
			action
				set "gegno word: unsure"
			`	Adrauni turns to you briefly, staring at you blankly, then turns to the Gegno and mutters something in their language before responding to you. "And why is it that you are unsure?"`
			choice
				`	"I wasn't sure you could convince them."`
					goto "convince"
				`	"I don't know anything about them."`

			action
				set "gegno word: friend"

> 			`	After a pause, Adrauni turns toward you, stares at you briefly, then looks back forward as the three of you continue through the ring. "Quite an important conclusion, is that not? Many times I have said this, that the Gegno are not what I would consider humans to posses knowledge of. Should you learn more, I'm afraid even then the Gegno do not contrastingly desire, what was the human word - camaraderie?" The Gegno then asks something in their language, and Adrauni begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`

Reviewer 2: There's a lot of staring going on. Maybe some variety, like "glances at you" would be good?

> 			`	After a pause, Adrauni turns toward you, stares at you briefly, then looks back forward as the three of you continue through the ring. "Quite an important conclusion, is that not? Many times I have said this, that the Gegno are not what I would consider humans to posses knowledge of. Should you learn more, I'm afraid even then the Gegno do not contrastingly desire, what was the human word - camaraderie?" The Gegno then asks something in their language, and Adrauni begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	After a pause, Adrauni turns toward you, stares at you briefly, then looks back forward as the three of you continue through the ring. "Quite an important conclusion, is that not? Many times I have said this, that the Gegno are not what I would consider humans to possess knowledge of. Should you learn more, I'm afraid even then the Gegno do not contrastingly desire, what was the human word - camaraderie?" The Gegno then asks something in their language, and Adrauni begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`
```

			label "interest"

> 			`	The Quarg turns back to you. "You are here not at the whim of your fanatic species, but at your own behest. Actions you take may be that of a human, but are not willed by that of humanity." Blinking slowly, Adrauni then turns to the Gegno and begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`

Author: Could just say "the Gegno walking next to them", or something along those lines.

				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "interest"
			`	The Quarg turns back to you. "You are here not at the whim of your fanatic species, but at your own behest. Actions you take may be that of a human, but are not willed by that of humanity." Blinking slowly, Adrauni then turns to the Gegno and begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`
				goto "visit a"

			label "understand"
			`	You walk in silence for an awkward period of time. The strange architecture of the ringworld does little to comfort you, as it feels like you've walked down the same path several times now. A few moments later, you eventually begin following Adrauni and the Gegno down what appears to be a different section, though it is strangely wider than previous ones. Before you begin asking more questions, Adrauni finally replies. "It is apparent that you may understand something of your fragile circumstance. It is no longer what I, rather, the Quarg, can do for you. It is what you can do for yourself."`
				goto "visit a"

			label "better"

> 			`	Adrauni speaks to the Gegno once more, this time for an extended period of time. The strange architecture of the ringworld does little to comfort you, as it feels like you've walked down the same path several times now. A few moments later, you eventually begin following Adrauni and the Gegno down what appears to be a different section, though it is strangely wider than previous ones. "Yes, it may be that your timely departure is the most favorable outcome in this affair." A long, awkward silence ensues, at the end of which Adrauni briefly comes to a hault, still facing forward, now crossing its armos behind its back. "Though you and I figure that is - unlikely."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Adrauni speaks to the Gegno once more, this time for an extended period of time. The strange architecture of the ringworld does little to comfort you, as it feels like you've walked down the same path several times now. A few moments later, you eventually begin following Adrauni and the Gegno down what appears to be a different section, though it is strangely wider than previous ones. "Yes, it may be that your timely departure is the most favorable outcome in this affair." A long, awkward silence ensues, at the end of which Adrauni briefly comes to a halt, still facing forward, now crossing its arms behind its back. "Though you and I figure that is - unlikely."`
```
crossing its `armos` lmao

Reviewer 2: `"Though you and I figure that is - unlikely."`
What does this mean in Quargspeak? I had trouble understanding this one.

				goto "visit a"

			label "visit a"

> 			`	A few more pathways later, you are at the end of your seemingly long trip through the ringworld, finding yourself back where you started - the docking facility where your ship is stationed at. Although it felt like a dizzying maze to follow Adrauni around back to here, you can't help but imagine how much more confusing it would be to explore the entirety of a ringworld, considering that was only several minutes worth. Adrauni stops and turns to you, slightly lowering down to speak closer to your own height. "You must seek audience on your own, tenacious, behalf. Visit the Gegno homeworld of Dueyu Eitch, present yourself in a manner that you desire to be perceived. Only then will you find your desired answer."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	A few more pathways later, you are at the end of your seemingly long trip through the ringworld, finding yourself back where you started - the docking facility where your ship is stationed. Although it felt like a labyrinthine endeavor to follow Adrauni around back to here, you can't help but imagine how much more confusing it would be to explore the entirety of a ringworld, considering that was only several minutes worth. Adrauni stops and turns to you, slightly lowering itself to speak closer to your own height. "You must seek audience on your own, tenacious, behalf. Visit the Gegno homeworld of Dueyu Eitch, present yourself in a manner that you desire to be perceived. Only then will you find your desired answer."`
```
Some soft suggestions included

				goto "epilogue a"

			label "escort"
			action
				set "gegno: escort dialog"
			`	Adrauni blinks at you. "I would have hoped you understood what was meant by your previous realization." It looks off to the side in deep thought, then back to you. "Habitually, we Quarg scarcely visit the Gegno for the most minor of reasons. Should you be accompanied at this time, the Gegno's unstable perception of you would alter further. Imagine if the Quarg visited your own planet called Earth with strange others in tow." You guess that Adrauni then does what the Quarg equivalent of a sigh would be. "However yes, I am capable of sending you escort. Be certain in this decision."`
			choice
				`	"Yes, I would like an escort."`
					goto "quarg escort"
				`	"Actually, I should be fine."`
					goto "no escort"

			label "quarg escort"
			action
				set "gegno: escort dialog"
				set "gegno anticipation: quarg escort"
			`	Adrauni hesitantly responds. "I shall send for one upon your departure."`
				goto "epilogue a"

			label "no escort"
			action
				set "gegno: escort dialog"
			`	"I see. May it be for the best, then."`
				goto "epilogue a"

			label "end a"

> 			`	"Safe travels, <first> <last>. I aspire for your daring decisions to befit the wise on your journey ahead." Adrauni gives you a lengthy bow, then leaves the hangar. You get the feeling that this might have been the last time you meet with it. As you return to your ship, a few other Quarg, who have been watching the conversation from afar, also return to their normal routine as if nothing had happened. Now, it is up to you to see for yourself whether or not the Gegno will accept you.`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is better. How would one leave a hangar with a sense of finality?

I also don't see why we can't articulate what First Last is thinking as a narrative tool. Writing would be exceedingly bland if we did not have this tool at our disposal.

> 			`	"Safe travels, <first> <last>. I aspire for your daring decisions to befit the wise on your journey ahead." Adrauni gives you a lengthy bow, then leaves the hangar. You get the feeling that this might have been the last time you meet with it. As you return to your ship, a few other Quarg, who have been watching the conversation from afar, also return to their normal routine as if nothing had happened. Now, it is up to you to see for yourself whether or not the Gegno will accept you.`

Author: Although other examples aren't really the case, I will agree that this is telling the player how they feel, although I agree with Alex here that this is more of a way to portray the narrative of the finality, not the specific action of leaving. I believe we use this tool elsewhere in FW so I think it's fine to allow this one here.

			choice
				`	"Then is there no way I can work with the Gegno?"`
					goto "work"
				`	"I guess I should leave them alone."`
					goto "alone"

			label "dont know"
			`	"Indeed, you do not. To tolerate is to authorize unrestricted occurrence despite undesired preface. In this lies not the Gegno's interest, as once I have said before." It looks up in thought for several moments. "Perhaps in your naive judgment I am mistaken. Humans tolerate their own undesirables, those who have come to be known as corsairs. Portions of your species permit their tiresome actions, while others do not. Be that as it may, suppose a species other than humanity begins similar agitation. I would presume the case to be different." Adrauni then begins a conversation with the other Quarg in the room.`
			choice
				`	"Are you saying there's no way I can work with the Gegno?"`
					goto "work"
				`	"I guess I should leave them alone."`
					goto "alone"

			label "upset"

> 			`	"It would be evidently so, given that those of the Vi themselves have brazenly entered our ring. A show of force is most unprecedented, even more so opposed to other means of less immodest communication. I had the slightest hope you understood my preachings of nonviolence, as I believe there to be benefit from optimistic aspirations in younger species, but ultimately my hopes are proven unfounded." Some of the other Quarg in the room abruptly address Adrauni as if you weren't present and begin a long period of debate, occasionally punctuated by glares in your direction.`

Author: @Arachi-Lover would be better to answer that and whether or not the above is fine.

			label "epilogue b"
			choice
				`	"Won't they deny me from landing?"`
					to display
						not "gegno: deny dialog"

				`	"Couldn't we just ask the Gegno over there?"`
					to display
						not "gegno: there dialog"
					goto "there"

> 			

Author: I feel like that might be one too many options. Changed the "Okay, I'll leave now" option to "I'll be leaving now." as a sort of mid-ground.

		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system "Heutesl"
		fleet "Scin Warfleet" 3

mission "Gegno Apprehension"
	invisible
	landing
	to complete
		never
	to offer
		or
			"gegno: encounters" >= 6
			has "dead augen"
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				has "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				or
					"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
					"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -50
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				or
					has "interrupted arena"
					has "provoked military"
					has "zydee interference"
	on offer
		event "gegno: apprehension"
		fail

mission "Gegno Intervention"
	landing
	clearance
	to offer
		has "event: gegno: apprehension"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Dueyu Eitch"
	deadline 8
	on offer
		fail "Scin Surveillance"
		fail "Veering Vi A"
		fail "Veering Vi B"
		"reputation: Quarg (Gegno)" = 0
		conversation

> 			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno that seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way as you recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be `whom`?

> 			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno that seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way as you recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

Reviewer 3: I think it should be who. The Gegno are the subject of that clause, not the object (they seem).

> 			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno that seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way as you recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

Reviewer 2: @mOctave I think they're the direct object. The Quarg are the subject and the Gegno are the direct object. So wouldn't `whom` be correct?

	deadline 8
	on offer
		fail "Scin Surveillance"
		fail "Veering Vi A"
		fail "Veering Vi B"
		"reputation: Quarg (Gegno)" = 0
		conversation
			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno that seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way as you recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

> 			`	Adrauni does not hesitate to to address you. "<first> <last>. I presume you understand the meaning of this affair."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Adrauni does not hesitate to address you. "<first> <last>. I presume you understand the meaning of this affair."`
```

			choice
				`	"What's going on?"`
				`	"I'm not sure what's happening right now."`

			`	The Quarg now stands in front of you, slightly lowering to speak to you. "As so happens to be the arduous case, several complaints we Quarg have received from the Gegno. Meddled in their affairs you have, one too many times. As much of a desire I have to converse with you more on the matter, I, nor the Quarg, are no longer of help to you in your endeavors here." Adrauni turns to the Gegno, who seems almost dismissive, or at the very least trying to avoid eye contact with you. After a brief discussion of which nothing you understood, the Gegno walks off to the tan-colored ship, followed by all of the other Gegno in the hangar also returning to their own ships.`
			`	As you watch all of the ships leave, Adrauni speaks once more. "Eight revolutions you have been given by the Gegno to make an appearance on their world. If to this you do not comply, then you are, in their words, dismissed from their space."`
			choice
				`	"Dismissed?"`
				`	"Will you be coming with me?"`
					goto "coming"
				`	"Alright, I will go."`
					goto "end"

> 			`	Adrauni thinks for a brief moment. "A more appropriate expression would be exiled, or perhaps shunned? Gegno culture is to hold all as a great home. Your presence in their space is to say you have already entered, though it is now an invitation you are no longer welcome to.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Adrauni thinks for a brief moment. "A more appropriate expression would be exiled, or perhaps shunned? Gegno culture is to hold all as a great home. Your presence in their space is to say you have already entered, though it is now an invitation you are no longer welcome to."`
```

> 			`	"It is a difficult philosophy to explain. We Quarg were also subject to inhospitality. In some notable capacities we still are - however, it is of a different manner than this one."`

Reviewer 2: How did you interpret this as a critique of Quarg culture? Adrauni is saying that the Quarg were subject to the same cold treatment that First Last is now experiencing when they first met the Gegno.

> 			`	"It is a difficult philosophy to explain. We Quarg were also subject to inhospitality. In some notable capacities we still are - however, it is of a different manner than this one."`

Reviewer 3: Oh, sorry, I misread that to mean that the Quarg were inhospitable.

				goto tower

			label "exit"
			`	The outside environment appears to be "safe" for humans - being something similar to what is on Earth, if it were even more polluted. Donning your sidearm in case of emergency, you exit your ship. The Gegno in the ships above intently watch your every move, and apart from the distant thrum of their engines, it's eerily quiet. Before too long, you notice a shadowed figure in the smoke ahead of your ship, carrying a long staff of some sort. A lone Gegno exits the smoke cloud, slowly approaching you. They stop a couple of meters away from you, and although it's a little hard to tell, you're almost certain this is the Gegno Vi that you first met on that desert planet from before. The only difference in their appearance is some kind of red band on their left arm.`

> 			`	At this point, any action you take would be solely at your own discretion, however there is only one choice left for you to make.`

Author: I feel like this early on wouldn't be a proper place to shoot the Gegno.

			choice
				`	(Meet with the Gegno.)`
				`	(Leave the Gegno and their world.)`
					goto "no more gegno"

> 			`	You decide to continue in your endeavor. You've made it this far, considering you're back on their homeworld and they haven't shown any signs of wanting you off of it as of yet. As you approach the Gegno, it indeed seems to be the one you've met in the past. The ships above suddenly fly off, and the Gegno turns around, beginning to head for the massive tower that stands in front of you.`

Author: I don't see how removing the word considering makes any more sense. You're considering that you're still on their homeworld despite not being shown to leave - it's a tie in to the fact that you're still on the homeworld. Without it, it just reads "you've made it this far" (end of sentence and statement). "you're still on their world...." (now a separate statement just said to be said). I think the writing is fine as-is.

			label "tower"
			`	The tower ahead of you is truly a sight to behold. It appears to be larger and taller than anything in human architecture, yet it looks very old - noticeably so - compared to the portions you've seen higher up in the clouds of dark smog. The base, which grows larger the higher up the tower goes, is lined with rows of torch-like structures with flames reaching high above them. The interior is just as intriguing - the first area you enter looks like it almost came straight out of some old medieval fantasy story. Everything looks rocky and sculpted in appearance, although some entrances seem to be made of newer metallic materials.`

> 			`	You wonder if all Gegno architecture is built like this, but your curiosity is cut short when the Gegno, whom has been many steps ahead of you, grunts and gestures for you to enter a cage-like platform at the other side of an enormous room.`

Author: Refer to a previous comment about narrative - the player is a human in the middle of an alien world, for narrative purposes, even if the player was an evil pirate, a human would wonder how the hell the Gegno build their massive structures.

			choice
				`	(Enter the cage.)`

> 			`	Thankfully, the cage is not something like a jail cell, as with the clank of chains and other indeterminate sounds, you begin to ascend upwards to wherever your next destination may be. However, the shaking and clanging of the lift doesn't exactly ease your mind. All of a sudden, you start to hear a deep, methodical rumble coming from above you. In an instant you're met with a gust of air. Your cage is outside the building, rocketing upward with only the support of a few rails and pulleys. Surrounding the core of the tower in front of you are other large metal pulley systems, with the Gegno in one to your left in the distance. As you're ascending, you see that many Gegno are lined up on several balconies at different levels of the tower, playing large timpani-like drums to a tribal-sounding tune. Occasionally they yell or play a horn-like instrument.`

Reviewer 2: Agree only with the deletion of `tribal-sounding tune`; I would reword it to say something like `playing large timpani-like drums in a steady rhythm`.

I think the suggestion for the first sentence unfortunately contains rather clumsy wording. How about something like this?

```suggestion
			`	Thankfully, the cage is not anything like a jail cell;  with a clank of chains and other indeterminate sounds, you begin to ascend upwards to wherever your next destination may be. However, the shaking and clanging of the lift doesn't exactly ease your mind. All of a sudden, you start to hear a deep, methodical rumble coming from above you. In that same instant, you're hit with a gust of air. Your cage is outside the building, and it is rocketing upward with only the support of a few rails and pulleys. Surrounding the core of the tower in front of you are other large metal pulley systems, with the Gegno in one to your left in the distance. As you're ascending, you see that many Gegno are lined up on several balconies at different levels of the tower, playing large timpani-like drums in a steady rhythm. Occasionally they yell or play a horn-like instrument.`
```

			`	A few more minutes of drumming, several layers of smog, and possibly some height sickness all assail you, until the lift arrives at the very top of the tower - a huge, circular platform out in the open with a bunch of important-looking Gegno formed up around a large table, or display grid of sorts, with several models of planets and ships on top of it. A ring of electronic torches flanking each edge of the platform extends upward to the darkened sky.`
			`	The Gegno that has guided you here gestures for you to go join them at their location amongst the others.`
			choice
				`	(Go to the Gegno.)`
					goto "meeting"
				`	(Stay where you are.)`

> 			`	It's not long before a pair of Gegno soldiers walk over and essentially "pressure" you into joining the others. You're on their turf now, so you might as well play by their rules.`

Reviewer 3: To me, this paragraph reads like a fourth wall break where Saugia personally addresses First Last and tells him to stop making bad choices. I think if you're going to keep it, it needs to be fleshed out a bit more, and more of a narration than a personal comment.

			label meeting

> 			`	Once you reach the other Gegno, the drumming comes to an abrupt halt. Shown on the device in the center is some text - none of which you can understand. Three Gegno standing next to one another, separate from everyone else, begin speaking in low, booming voices, also none of which you can understand. One is very bulky, and looks like the Gegno that belong to the Vi faction, while the other two are a bit smaller. All three of them are wearing the same set of intricate armor with fancy protrusions, drapes, and other details. All of the other Gegno present are of various builds, though none of them are wearing any colors indicating a faction. Some of them gaze toward you occasionally, while others pay you no attention at all.`

Reviewer 3: Taken with the next paragraph, this seems like an overuse of dashes.
```suggestion
			`	Once you reach the other Gegno, the drumming comes to an abrupt halt. Shown in the center of the display is some text, none of which you can understand. Three Gegno standing next to one another, separate from everyone else, begin speaking in low, booming voices, also none of which you can understand. One is very bulky, and looks like the Gegno that belong to the Vi faction, while the other two are a bit smaller. All three of them are wearing the same set of intricate armor with fancy protrusions, drapes, and other details. All of the other Gegno present are of various builds, though none of them are wearing any colors indicating a faction. Some of them gaze toward you occasionally, while others pay you no attention at all.`
```

			`	On the far end of the table, you see a small model of an ice moon, but besides that, nothing else comes up regarding it.`
				to display
					has "Scin on Cyife: offered"

			`	You look up to see the trio of Gegno still intently staring at you, meanwhile all of others surrounding you are glaring at you intensely. On the display, two icons appear side by side, and under each of them is a long list of phrases. As they scroll, the Gegno break out in discussions with one another, some loud and some not. You almost jump when the trio address the crowd and begin a speech of sorts, sometimes gesturing to the crowd, and sometimes gesturing to you. Although most of the Gegno seem frustrated, the trio is able to calm the crowd.`
				to display
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0

			`	The bulkiest Gegno of the trio then places a model of a massive Vi warship in the middle of the table, one that you definitely recognize. More angry outbursts come from the surrounding Gegno, and while the one who placed the model glares at you, the other two eventually deescalate the uproar.`
				to display
					has "dead augen"

> 			`	After having gone through all of the cases which involved you, the trio addresses the gathering once more with a big speech. Their voices echo through the outside air, and all of the Gegno respond with concurrent bellows or chants, followed by more silence. Oddly enough, you've been treated as an equal with all of the Gegno here. You suddenly feel as if you are standing amongst them as part of the gathering, rather than as some foreign alien. You aren't restricted at all, even with a weapon on you.`

Reviewer 3: Is the "weapon on me" my sidearm, or a guard aiming a gun at me?

Reviewer 2: (It's the sidearm you brought with you)

			`	One of the smaller Gegno in the trio gestures back to you and speaks once more. You still don't understand a word they are saying, but it must have been important, as all of the other Gegno except your guide back away several steps. The trio member invites you with both arms to use the objects and the table, while all three of them back up themselves, leaving you alone in the open with some sort of expectation.`
			choice
				`	(Approach the table and try to explain your situations.)`
					goto "explain"
				`	(Stay where you are and do nothing.)`

			action
				set "gegno: no proclamation"
			`	You don't approach the table, standing awkwardly in the open. Maybe it's better to not say anything at all if you're what they perceive as the problem here. A whole minute of silence goes by, and all of the Gegno, including the trio, haven't so so much as a word, silently judging the choice you've decided to make. The trio then march back to the table, moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
				goto "what does home mean"

			label "explain"

> 			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, which nobody seems to be bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves, rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back off from the table, and the trio march back up to it, discussing your response amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, which nobody seems to be bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves, rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back away from the table, and the trio march back up to it, discussing your response amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
```

			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians, all gawking at the two of you. You're led back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the one desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship and hands you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`
			`	At the very least, you can take this as an indication that they are not done with you yet, so you prepare to travel to your next destination.`
				launch

			label "done with the gegno"
			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. Afterwards, the crowd goes silent. Your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye. Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, still as barren as it was earlier. You're lead back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. The Gegno remains at a distance from your ship as you prepare to depart.`

> 			`	Before you leave, you watch as they lift their staff weapon and flip it around. An explosive cloud of smoke follows, and a sizable crater appears just barely avoiding your ship on the ground. It seems that you're no longer welcome here, though, the fact that they intentionally missed such a large target might have other implications. Regardless, it could have been you on the other end of that blast at any point during this journey.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Before you leave, you watch as they lift their staff weapon and flip it around. An explosive cloud of smoke follows, and a sizable crater appears right beside the <ship>. It seems that you're no longer welcome here, although the fact that they intentionally missed such a large target might have other implications. Regardless, it could have been you on the other end of that blast at any point during this journey.`
```

			`	Despite the aggressive action, you are not followed as you leave the planet.`
				flee

			label "no more gegno"
			`	You ultimately decide that pursuing this ruse with the Gegno is no longer worth the effort. Even if you did meet up with them, or ended up in some sort of debate with them, it would likely take an excessive amount of effort in order to get any amount of progress, if it's even possible. Perhaps even landing here was a mistake, as you could never guess what might happen if you continued this endeavor, given you are all alone on the home world of a species that has shown itself to be rather xenophobic, even to the Quarg.`

> 			`	As you prepare to depart, the Gegno, who was watching you all this time with a blank stare, lifts their staff weapon and flips it around. An explosive cloud of smoke follows, and a sizable crater appears just barely avoiding your ship on the ground. It seems they are, at the very least, unhappy with your decision to leave, which is a little odd considering they didn't want anything to do with you before. Though, the fact they intentionally missed such a large target might have other implications. Regardless, it could have been you on the other end of that blast.`

Reviewer 3: As above.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	As you prepare to depart, the Gegno, who was watching you all this time with a blank stare, lifts their staff weapon and flips it around. An explosive cloud of smoke follows, and a sizable crater appears right beside the <ship>. It seems they are, at the very least, unhappy with your decision to leave, which is a little odd considering they didn't want anything to do with you before. The fact that they intentionally missed such a large target, however, might have other implications. Regardless, it could have been you on the other end of that blast.`
```

			`	Despite the aggressive action, you are not followed as you leave the planet.`
				flee

mission "Gegno Asteroid Mining Prologue"
	landing
	name "Mine 5 tons of Iron"

> 	description "Mine and return 5 tons of Iron to <origin> in the Oosuoro system."

Reviewer 3: Iron should be lowercase, I think, since it it's a commodity and not a brand name. Also, you should be able to use <destination>?
```suggestion
	description "Mine and return 5 tons of iron to <destination>."
```

	source "Tschyss"
	to offer
		has "Acquiescence: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			branch "returned"
				has "Gegno Asteroid Mining Prologue: deferred"

> 			`You arrive at your destination: a massive space station. Instead of standing directly behind you in your cockpit this time, the Gegno ended up taking a seat next to one of your open bunks, not moving a muscle up until now. Despite the grandiose nature of the Gegno's one and only space station, it seems very old and inactive. As you are escorted around the spacious interior, of which a majority is only a skeletal frame of pipes, bars, and supportive structure, you see a noticeable lack of personnel and running machinery. Some sections aren't even properly pressurized, but thankfully, your spacesuit helps with that. Occasionally, you come across some workers, but they appear very lethargic, or maybe just unmotivated.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You arrive at your destination: a massive space station. Instead of standing directly behind you in your cockpit this time, the Gegno ended up taking a seat next to one of your open bunks, and didn't move a muscle up until now. Despite the grandiose nature of the Gegno's one and only space station, it seems very old and inactive. As you are escorted around the spacious interior, of which a majority is only a skeletal frame of pipes, bars, and supportive structure, you see a noticeable lack of personnel and running machinery. Some sections aren't even properly pressurized, but, thankfully, your spacesuit helps with that. Occasionally, you come across some workers, but they appear very lethargic, or maybe just unmotivated.`
```

			
			`	You attempt to get the attention of some of the other Gegno present in the facility, but most of them give you strange glares or outright ignore you, until one seemingly annoyed Gegno gestures to the large cracked display.`

			label "board"
			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up, still appears otherwise functional. It presents a series of graphics in a list that seems to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of mineable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks, which thankfully you can understand. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to work with them here, to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done."`
			choice
				`	(Accept one of the jobs.)`
				`	(Leave without doing anything.)`
					goto "nothing"
			
			label "accept"
			`	You fiddle with the screen, trying to decipher how to use it. Some of the Gegno gaze at you for doing so, and while they silently judge, you manage to figure out that it's a touch-sensitive interface, though it takes a lot of force for you to get it to work.`

> 			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of an Iron asteroid, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of an iron asteroid, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`
```

Do we always refer to asteroids in this way? Otherwise, this might work better:
```suggestion
			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of a hematite asteroid, rich in iron, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`
```

Reviewer 2: I think if we're going to reword it to explain what hematite is, it should use active voice.

```suggestion
			`	The first time you get the device to work, you see an image of a hematite asteroid, rich in iron, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`
```

Author: Do we ever refer to a hematite asteroid in the game? If so, this is fine. If not, it brings unnecessary confusion, even if we know what that is in real life.

Reviewer 2: We do not. But then again, we do not talk much about asteroid mining in general. This could be a good precedent to set, or it could be a bad one. Up to you.

				accept

			label "nothing"
			`	You decide to leave the facility. None of the Gegno pay you any attention as you do, focused back on their work once more.`
				defer

			label "returned"
			`	Despite previously leaving the station, you're given clearance to land again. Would you like to go to the job facility and try to accept one of the listings?`
			choice
				`	(Yes.)`
					goto "accept"
				`	(No.)`
					defer
	on visit

> 		dialog "You've returned to <origin>, but do not have 5 tons of Iron mined and in your ship. Make sure to mine 5 tons of Iron and collect it into your cargo before you land."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		dialog "You've returned to <origin>, but do not have 5 tons of iron in your cargo hold. Make sure to harvest 5 tons of iron and collect it before landing."
```

			choice
				`	(Leave.)`
					goto leave
				`	(Continue to observe.)`
			`	The approaching ships continue their descent, paying you no attention. They appear to be ones that were in orbit when you first entered the system. One of them is the same model as the one on the ground, likely some type of transport. The other, however, isn't one you've seen before. It looks like some sort of interceptor vessel, though it is definitely larger than something like a Sparrow from human space, maybe even the size of a Headhunter. Perhaps that ship belongs to someone of importance.`
			`	In any case, considering that the planet is home to more of those monsters from before, and the Vi are here in numbers, it might be best you take your leave now before the situation gets out of control again.`
			choice
				`	(Leave.)`
					goto leave
				`	(Approach the landing zone.)`

> 			`	Throttling your ship forward, you head towards the Vi's landing zone. While the other transport vessel has touched down already, the interceptor is still in the process of landing, but suddenly whips around to face you as you approach. Unlike the Scin's warships you confronted a few days ago, which were more reactive to your presence than direct about it, the Vi here are going out of their way to approach your ship, in contrast to just a few moments ago. A moment later, you receive what sounds like an angry hail from the interceptor.`

Author: The one line reads odd to me, how about this instead:

"...the interceptor still in the process of landing suddenly whips around..." ?

		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Eogho"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 2
				"Tridymite"
				"Mica" 2

mission "Brief Bystander"
	invisible
	landing
	destination "Esstch"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on complete
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation
			`The presence of scattered old recording instruments on the surface of this planet seems to contradict the apparent disinterest with which the Gegno appear to be treating it. Despite its location within the Gegno's home system of Heutesl, the planet is apparently deserted. Still, since this planet isn't strictly controlled by the Gegno, it makes for a convenient place to stop, and they seem to neither notice nor care that you have landed here.`
			`	However, as you fly around, you notice a small Gegno shuttle parked on the ground. The tan coloration of its hull suggests that it's a civilian craft, but what it's doing here is unknown.`
			choice
				`	(Investigate.)`
					goto investigate
				`	(Leave them be.)`
					decline

			label investigate
			action
				set "gegno: approached bystander"

> 			`	You steer your ship towards the shuttle, and once you approach it, you are able to see a Gegno on the ground fiddling with one of the nearby devices. Though, as you fly closer, they stop their work and return to their shuttle, taking off shortly after. It seems like they weren't interested in any potential interaction with you.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`	You steer your ship toward the shuttle, and once you approach it, you are able to see a Gegno on the ground fiddling with one of the nearby devices. Though, as you fly closer, they stop their work and return to their shuttle, taking off shortly after. It seems like they weren't interested in any potential interaction with you.`
```

			`	The satellite they were tinkering with doesn't strike you as anything special, being just another antique device amongst the others.`
				decline

mission "Scin on Cyife"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Cyife"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation

> 			`Nothing is of much interest on a cold, unwelcoming moon in the middle of nowhere. However, there's something about the surface of Cyife that is a bit peculiar. Some of the light refracted through the surface seemingly dissipates or reflects back in strange patterns. Although it appears to be ice, more detailed inspection reveals that small patches of the terrain seem to instead be made of some other type of crystalline material. In the distance is something that truly stands out on this world - a large egg-shaped structure with a green hue to it.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`Nothing is of much interest on this cold, unwelcoming moon in the middle of nowhere. However, there's something about the surface of Cyife that is a bit peculiar. Some of the light refracted through the surface seemingly dissipates or reflects back in strange patterns. Although it appears to be ice, more detailed inspection reveals that small patches of the terrain seem to instead be made of some other type of crystalline material. In the distance is something that truly stands out on this world - a large, egg-shaped structure with a green hue to it.`
```

			branch "boarded epidote"
				has "scin: entered epidote"

			branch "saw epidote"
				has "scin: approached epidote"

			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be some sort of large Gegno ship with the coloring of the Scin faction. What it's doing this far away from their home space is a mystery, much like the moon it's stationed on. After a few seconds, it launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. There doesn't seem to be anything left where it was parked, nor any trace of what the Scin were doing here to begin with.`
				decline

			label "saw epidote"

> 			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object is revealed to be a large Gegno Scin ship, similar to the one you encountered during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. What it's doing this far away from their home space is a mystery, much like the moon it's stationed on. Or at least, was stationed on, as after a few seconds it launches into the atmosphere and leaves the moon. Perhaps it was some sort of surveillance ship spying on the nearby Gegno Vi systems.`

Reviewer 6: Having `first` conjecture (correctly, I assume) that it's a surveillance ship seems like a bit of a stretch with the information given, imo. What do you think?

				decline

			label "boarded epidote"
			`	Once you get close enough, the oblong object reveals itself to be one of the Gegno Scin's large research ships, the same kind that you entered during an interaction with the Scin a while ago. It's possible the Scin found the mysteriousness of Cyife worth traveling so far from their home space to investigate. You'll never know for certain as after a few seconds, the ship launches into the atmosphere and disappears into space. They also didn't seem to leave anything behind, though the site the ship was parked at does appear to be one of the many strange regions of the moon.`
				decline

mission "Battle over Zydee"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	to complete
		never
	source "Zydee"
	on offer
		"gegno: encounters" ++
		conversation
			`Although this planet is uninhabited, there are more than a few Gegno Scin ships currently parked across the surface. It seems like there's an ongoing operation to continue constructing what infrastructure has been built in the past, and the hard-working Scin pay little to no attention to your visit.`

> 			`	However, a few moments later, the Scin suddenly start scurrying to their ships. You haven't gotten close enough to alarm them, at least from your experiences with them so far. They begin taking off one by one in a hurried fashion, but not towards you - the <ship>'s sensors suddenly begin picking up a large Gegno Vi fleet entering the system. It appears that this place is turning into a battlefield, and getting caught up in the middle of it is likely something you should avoid.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`	However, a few moments later, the Scin suddenly start scurrying to their ships. Based on your experiences so far, you haven't gotten close enough to alarm them. They begin taking off one by one in a hurried fashion, but not toward you - the <ship>'s sensors suddenly begin picking up a large Gegno Vi fleet entering the system. It appears that this place is turning into a battlefield, and getting caught up in the middle of it is likely something you should avoid.`
```
Just trying to avoid using `them` twice in the second sentence, sounds a little funky to me. Open to suggestions!

			`	A few minutes later, while you are making your way through the pristine interior of the ring, you hear a voice call to you from down one of the various branching corridors. Turning around, you recognize the unique attire of the Quarg who has helped you in the past, along with a few others. "Circumstantial greetings once more, <first> <last>. Might we have a significant moment of your attention?"`
			choice
				`	"Sure."`
					goto "follow"
				`	"How long will it take?"`
			`	"As long as is required, for this matter is of symbolic importance," it says, with a slightly elevated tone.`

			label follow
			`	You follow the group of Quarg to a smaller discussion room, similar to the one you've previously visited. Or perhaps you've been visiting a different room each time, considering how unfathomably large a ringworld is. Once you sit down, the Quarg from before looks at you for a moment, looks down at the table, then back up to you.`
			
			branch "negative rep"
				or
					"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
					"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0

> 			`	"Formerly, I have offered suggestions of heedful interplay regarding the Gegno. We have been alerted of a few additional encounters you've experienced, although they seemed minimal in nature. In such cases, it has been generally described that you left in a timely manner, for which we are notably appreciative. However," the Quarg continues, "despite your efforts in recommended cautions, there are some Gegno figures of meaningful standing that expressed frustration in your trivial appearances. They inquired of us as to the possibility of unnecessary reoccurrences."`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`	"Formerly, I have offered suggestions of heedful interplay regarding the Gegno. We have been alerted of a few additional encounters you have experienced, although they seemed minimal in nature. In such cases, it has been generally described that you left in a timely manner, for which we are notably appreciative. However," the Quarg continues, "despite your efforts in recommended cautions, there are some Gegno figures of meaningful standing that expressed frustration in your trivial appearances. They inquired of us as to the possibility of unnecessary reoccurrences."`
```
If you're going for the "archaic" English approach with the Quarg like in the Korath ringworld, I think avoiding contractions makes sense here.

			`	You wonder if all Gegno architecture is built like this, but your curiosity is cut short when the Gegno, whom has been many steps ahead of you, grunts and gestures for you to enter a cage-like platform at the other side of an enormous room.`
			choice
				`	(Enter the cage.)`
			`	Thankfully, the cage is not anything like a jail cell; with a clank of chains and other indeterminate sounds, you begin to ascend upwards to wherever your next destination may be. However, the shaking and clanging of the lift doesn't exactly ease your mind. All of a sudden, you start to hear a deep, methodical rumble coming from above you. In that same instant, you're hit with a gust of air. Your cage is outside the building, and it is rocketing upward with only the support of a few rails and pulleys. Surrounding the core of the tower in front of you are other large metal pulley systems, with the Gegno in one to your left in the distance. As you're ascending, you see that many Gegno are lined up on several balconies at different levels of the tower, playing large timpani-like drums in a steady rhythm. Occasionally they yell or play a horn-like instrument.`

> 			`	A few more minutes of drumming, several layers of smog, and what feels like altitude sickness all assail you until the lift arrives at the very top of the tower - a huge, circular platform out in the open with a bunch of important-looking Gegno formed up around a large table, or display grid of sorts, with several models of planets and ships on top of it. A ring of electronic torches flanking each edge of the platform extends upward to the darkened sky.`

Author: I wouldn't say they're well-dressed (that would assume the player knows what "well-dressed" is for the Gegno". It's moreso invoking a contrast of appearance to other Gegno in some manner that would sigify importance, though perhaps there's a better way of going about it.

			choice
				`	(Don't say anything.)`
				`	"...Dueyu Earth?"`
					goto "dueyu"

			`	Without saying a word, you continue to look at the Gegno, and it continues to stare back, pondering your silence. They make a snorting sound with their nose, then leave you to join the other two behind them.`
				goto "decision"

			label "dueyu"
			`	The Gegno leans closer to your height and displays a peculiar expression - possibly one of disapproval. You panic a little, and some of the others seem surprised that they got this close to you. They then speak in a low rumble, kind of like a whisper spoken aloud. "Eyuu idu keiou ghynem uf, 'Dueyu.'" Getting back up, the Gegno heads back to the other two behind them.`

			branch "done with the gegno"
				or
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -50
					and
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0
						has "zydee interference"
					and
						has "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
						has "dead augen"
					and
						"gegno: encounters" >= 6
						has "gegno: no proclamation"

			label "decision"
			action
				"reputation: Gegno" = 1

> 			`	With a sense of finality, the trio beckons to the crowd and begins another long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening. Meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`

Author: On line 1051, the Gegno step back overall as the trio waits for you to make a decision about stepping up or not.

> 			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians, all gawking at the two of you. You're led back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the one desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship and hands you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians all gawking at the two of you. You're led back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the one desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship and hands you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`
```

			`	As you prepare to depart, the Gegno, who was watching you all this time with a blank stare, lifts their staff weapon and flips it around. An explosive cloud of smoke follows, and a sizable crater appears just barely avoiding your ship on the ground. It seems they are, at the very least, unhappy with your decision to leave, which is a little odd considering they didn't want anything to do with you before. Though, the fact they intentionally missed such a large target might have other implications. Regardless, it could have been you on the other end of that blast.`
			`	Despite the aggressive action, you are not followed as you leave the planet.`
				flee

mission "Gegno Asteroid Mining Prologue"
	landing

> 	name "Mine 5 tons of Iron"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	name "Mine 5 tons of iron"
```
Minerals are usually not capitalized.

	description "Mine and return 5 tons of iron to <destination>."
	source "Tschyss"
	to offer
		has "Acquiescence: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			branch "returned"
				has "Gegno Asteroid Mining Prologue: deferred"

			`You arrive at your destination: a massive space station. Instead of standing directly behind you in your cockpit this time, the Gegno ended up taking a seat next to one of your open bunks, and didn't move a muscle up until now. Despite the grandiose nature of the Gegno's one and only space station, it seems very old and inactive. As you are escorted around the spacious interior, of which a majority is only a skeletal frame of pipes, bars, and supportive structure, you see a noticeable lack of personnel and running machinery. Some sections aren't even properly pressurized, but, thankfully, your spacesuit helps with that. Occasionally, you come across some workers, but they appear very lethargic, or maybe just unmotivated.`

> 			`	Eventually, you end up in a large docking bay where more workers and ships are present. Some of the workers are hauling crates of materials back and forth, with others talking amongst each other. The Gegno with you then motions over to a half-cracked display board on one of the walls across the room. With one last meaningful look, the Gegno leaves you to your own devices. You wonder if you'll ever see them again, considering the way they've been treated by the others.`

Reviewer 5: Who are the 'others' in this last sentence?

Author: The other Gegno civilians. It's referring to how they treated them like an outlander for getting involved with you.

Reviewer 5: Maybe this would make it clearer?
```suggestion
			`	Eventually, you end up in a large docking bay where more workers and ships are present. Some of the workers are hauling crates of materials back and forth, with others talking amongst each other. The Gegno with you then motions over to a half-cracked display board on one of the walls across the room. With one last meaningful look, the Gegno leaves you to your own devices. You wonder if you'll ever see them again, considering the way they were treated back on Dueyu Eitch.`
```

			choice
				`	(Go to the display.)`
					goto "board"
				`	(Try to communicate with the other Gegno around you.)`
			
			`	You attempt to get the attention of some of the other Gegno present in the facility, but most of them give you strange glares or outright ignore you, until one seemingly annoyed Gegno gestures to the large cracked display.`

			label "board"

> 			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up, still appears otherwise functional. It presents a series of graphics in a list that seems to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of mineable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up, still appears otherwise functional. It presents a series of graphics in a list that seems to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of mineable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to "do your part", or perhaps make up for what you've done.`
```

> 			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up, still appears otherwise functional. It presents a series of graphics in a list that seems to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of mineable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks, which thankfully you can understand. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to work with them here, to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done."`

Reviewer 5: The part about understanding is already implied in the last sentence.
```suggestion
			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up, still appears otherwise functional. It presents a series of graphics in a list that seems to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of mineable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done."`
```

			choice
				`	(Accept one of the jobs.)`
				`	(Leave without doing anything.)`
					goto "nothing"
			
			label "accept"

> 			`	You fiddle with the screen, trying to decipher how to use it. Some of the Gegno gaze at you for doing so, and while they silently judge, you manage to figure out that it's a touch-sensitive interface, though it takes a lot of force for you to get it to work.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	You fiddle with the screen, trying to decipher how to use it. Some of the Gegno gaze at you for doing so. While they silently judge, you manage to figure out that it's a touch-sensitive interface, though it takes a lot of force for you to get it to work.`
```

			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of an Iron asteroid, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`
				accept

			label "nothing"

> 			`	You decide to leave the facility. None of the Gegno pay you any attention as you do, focused back on their work once more.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	You decide to leave the facility. None of the Gegno pay you any attention as you do, and are focused back on their work once more.`
```

				defer

			label "returned"
			`	Despite previously leaving the station, you're given clearance to land again. Would you like to go to the job facility and try to accept one of the listings?`
			choice
				`	(Yes.)`
					goto "accept"
				`	(No.)`
					defer
	on visit

> 		dialog "You've returned to <origin>, but do not have 5 tons of Iron mined and in your ship. Make sure to mine 5 tons of Iron and collect it into your cargo before you land."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		dialog "You've returned to <origin>, but do not have 5 tons of iron mined and in your ship. Make sure to mine 5 tons of iron and collect it into your cargo before you land."
```

		not	"Gegno Intervention: offered"
	npc
		on kill
			"vi backlash" ++
		system "Ookmya"
		government "Gegno Vi (Combative)"
		personality heroic staying
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant 10
				"Dunite"
			variant
				"Dunite" 2

mission "Veering Vi B"
	repeat
	invisible
	landing
	deadline 7
	to offer
		random < 30
		has "Gegno Suspicions: declined"
		not "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
		not	"Gegno Anticipation: offered"
		not	"Gegno Intervention: offered"
	npc
		on kill
			"vi backlash" ++
		system
			government "Gegno Vi"
		government "Gegno Vi (Combative)"
		personality heroic staying
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Eclogite"

mission "Full Vi Backlash"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		"vi backlash" >= 3
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" >= 0
	on offer
		fail
		clear "vi backlash"
		"reputation: Gegno Vi" = -1

mission "Return to Giaru Gegno"
	landing
	description `The Quarg known as Adrauni has summoned you back to <destination>.`
	source
		not planet "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		or
			has "event: gegno: quarg talks"
			"gegno: encounters" >= 6
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter

> 		dialog

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		dialog `Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`
```

> 			`Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```

			dialog `After deciding to fire upon the Gegno fleet surveying your visit to their homeworld, you are met with aggressive opposition along with what sound like countless angry hails. Whatever chance you had left of associating with the Gegno is gone now.`
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system "Heutesl"
		fleet "Scin Warfleet" 3

mission "Gegno Apprehension"
	invisible
	landing
	to complete
		never
	to offer
		or
			"gegno: encounters" >= 6
			has "dead augen"
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				has "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				or
					"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
					"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -50
			and
				"gegno: encounters" >= 3
				or
					has "interrupted arena"
					has "zydee interference"
	on offer
		event "gegno: apprehension"
		fail

mission "Gegno Intervention"
	landing
	clearance
	to offer
		has "event: gegno: apprehension"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	destination "Dueyu Eitch"
	deadline 8
	on offer
		fail "Scin Surveillance"
		fail "Veering Vi A"
		fail "Veering Vi B"
		"reputation: Quarg (Gegno)" = 0
		conversation

> 			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno who seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way. You recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

Author: I believe the idea was that they were "talking" to the Gegno, when in reality, they were attempting to calm this smaller group that is more aggressively upset with you. Maybe debating would be a better word. Some form of contentious talks, rather than just a simple discussion.

> 			`While you are in the midst of docking with the ringworld, you notice a large tan-colored Gegno ship already present in your designated hangar, surrounded by several ships from both the factions of the Vi and Scin. Near them, a small group of Quarg seem to be "conversing" with a smaller group of Gegno who seem rather upset. As soon as you exit your ship, both groups stop and look your way. You recognize Adrauni swiftly approaching you alongside a Gegno that is wearing a very intricate set of armor, neither Scin nor Vi in appearance.`

Author: Changed it to debating in newest commit.

				to display
					has "Passive-Aggressive Observations: done"

			`	To the side of the table, you notice a model of the Mercury-like planet you landed on here in their home system, though strangely it doesn't come up on the screen at any point.`
				to display
					has "Brief Bystander: done"

			`	An image of two distinct ships comes up, matching a pair of models on the table. One of them is the same type of Vi ship you first came across in the sand on a desert world, and the other is a Scin ship that looks like a derivative of other Gegno ships. You hear someone in the crowd yell loudly in what might be disappointment, but they are silenced by the Gegno trio.`
				to display
					has "Foreign Spectator I: failed"

> 			`	One of the more heavily represented situations is the one that involved a large battle between the Vi and Scin over a moon orbiting a forest world. A long list of phrases scrolls by with graphics of different Gegno ships next to them, probably those who took part in said battle. The Gegno around you murmur to each other, occasionally grunting.`

Author: Changed it from "heavily" to "largely".

				to display
					has "Battle over Zydee: offered"

			`	On the far end of the table, you see a small model of an ice moon. Nothing else comes up regarding it.`
				to display
					has "Scin on Cyife: offered"

			`	You look up to see the trio of Gegno still intently staring at you. All of the other Gegno surrounding you have a similar expression. On the display, two icons appear side by side, and under each of them is a long list of phrases. As they scroll, the Gegno break out in discussions with one another, some loud and some not. You almost jump when the trio address the crowd and begin a speech of sorts, sometimes gesturing to the crowd, and sometimes gesturing to you. Although most of the Gegno seem frustrated, the trio is able to calm the crowd.`
				to display
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0

			`	The bulkiest Gegno of the trio then places a model of a massive Vi warship in the middle of the table, one that you definitely recognize. More angry outbursts come from the surrounding Gegno, and while the one who placed the model glares at you, the other two eventually deescalate the uproar.`
				to display
					has "dead augen"

> 			`	After having gone through all of the cases which involved you, the trio addresses the gathering once more with a big speech. Their voices echo through the outside air, and all of the Gegno respond with concurrent bellows or chants, followed by more silence. Oddly enough, you've been treated as an equal with all of the Gegno here. You suddenly feel as if you are standing amongst them as part of the gathering, rather than as some foreign alien. You aren't restricted at all, even with a weapon on you.`

Author: I cut out the "realize" part, leaving it as an odd feeling, but I'd be open to more changes.

			`	One of the smaller Gegno in the trio gestures back to you and speaks once more. You still don't understand a word they are saying, but it must have been important, as all of the other Gegno except your guide back away several steps. The trio member invites you with both arms to use the objects and the table, while all three of them back up themselves, leaving you alone in the open.`
			choice
				`	(Approach the table and try to explain the incidents you were involved in.)`
					goto "explain"
				`	(Stay where you are and do nothing.)`

			action
				set "gegno: no proclamation"
			`	You don't approach the table, standing awkwardly in the open. Maybe it's better to not say anything at all if you're what they perceive as the problem here. A whole minute of silence goes by, and all of the Gegno, including the trio, haven't said so much as a word. Instead, they silently judge the choice you've decided to make. The trio then march back to the table, moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
				goto "what does home mean"

			label "explain"

> 			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, which nobody seems to be bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves; rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back away from the table. The trio march back up to it, discussing your response amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, which nobody seems to be bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves; rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back away from the table. The trio march back up to it, discussing your response amongst themselves. They then start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
```

			branch "done with the gegno"
				or
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -50
					and
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0
						has "zydee interference"
					and
						has "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
						has "dead augen"
					and
						"gegno: encounters" >= 6
						has "gegno: no proclamation"

			label "decision"
			action
				"reputation: Gegno" = 1
			`	With a sense of finality, the trio beckons to the crowd and begins another long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening. Meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`

> 			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians all gawking at the two of you. You're led back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship and hands you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`

Author: I felt like this was implicated since this same Gegno headed to your ship in the original first contact mission and rode with you.

> 			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians all gawking at the two of you. You're led back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship and hands you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`

Reviewer 6: Makes sense. If I'm the only one that noticed and you have justification then I think it's a me thing.

# Copyright (c) 2023 by Saugia
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

mission "Passive-Aggressive Observations"
	invisible
	landing
	destination "Vigales"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"

> 	on complete

Author: No, because this spawns npcs to start with. Those npcs are the signifiers that the mission has activated, and are npcs that wouldn't otherwise be present, especially the interceptor. They are staying, so they don't leave, but depending on what the player does on the planet, when they "land", that's when the other npc fleets are taken into consideration.

			`	In any case, considering that the planet is home to more of those monsters from before, and the Vi are here in numbers, it might be best you take your leave now before the situation gets out of control again.`
			choice
				`	(Leave.)`
					goto leave
				`	(Approach the landing zone.)`
			`	Throttling your ship forward, you head towards the Vi's landing zone. While the other transport vessel has touched down already, the interceptor is still in the process of landing, but suddenly whips around to face you as you approach. Unlike the Scin's warships you confronted a few days ago, which were more reactive to your presence than direct about it, the Vi here are going out of their way to approach your ship, in contrast to just a few moments ago. A moment later, you receive what sounds like an angry hail from the interceptor.`
			
			

> 			`	Throttling your ship forward, you head towards the Vi's landing zone. While the other transport vessel has touched down already, the interceptor is still in the process of landing, but suddenly whips around to face you as you approach. Unlike the initial reaction of the Scin's warships you confronted a few days ago, the Vi are quick to respond to your presence, and in contrast to a few minutes ago, are clearly acknowledging it. A moment later, you receive what sounds like an angry hail from the interceptor.`

Author: Yep, looks like I missed this. Will get to it after the review here on Github so I don't have to resolve conflicts.

		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Epidote"
				"Coesite"
				"Tridymite"
				"Halite"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "zydee interference"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic staying
		system "Kneirc"
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Gneiss"
				"Hornfel (Heavy Weapons)"
				"Hornfel (Heavy Load)"
				"Eclogite" 3
	npc
		on provoke
			set "zydee interference"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic entering
		system "Kneirc"
		fleet
			names "gegno vi"
			variant
				"Diorite"
				"Schist (Heavy Load)"
				"Schist (Light Load)"
	npc
		on provoke
			set "zydee interference"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality heroic staying
		system "Kneirc"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Coesite" 3
	npc
		on provoke
			set "zydee interference"
		government "Gegno Scin"
		personality heroic entering
		system "Kneirc"
		fleet
			names "gegno scin"
			variant
				"Feldspar"
				"Felsic" 3
				"Coesite" 4
				"Halite" 6

mission "Curious Civilians"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Gegno Scin: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	to complete
		never
	on enter
		system
			government "Gegno"
		fail
		"gegno: encounters" ++

> 		event "gegno: suspicions"

Author: The purpose is that it only triggers if you've entered a civilian system, to imply that you've returned to their home space and now the civilians are more open to each other about your presence, which triggers the additional hails and makes sense for another 'encounter';. I don't want those hails triggering in relation to Gegno Scin missions.

					goto "better"
				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "unsure"
			action
				set "gegno word: unsure"
			`	Adrauni turns to you briefly, staring at you blankly, then turns to the Gegno and mutters something in their language before responding to you. "And why is it that you are unsure?"`
			choice
				`	"I wasn't sure you could convince them."`
					goto "convince"
				`	"I don't know anything about them."`

			action
				set "gegno word: friend"
			`	After a pause, Adrauni turns toward you, glares at you briefly, then looks back forward as the three of you continue through the ring. "Quite an important conclusion, is that not? Many times I have said this, that the Gegno are not what I would consider humans to possess knowledge of. Should you learn more, I'm afraid even then the Gegno do not contrastingly desire, what was the human word - camaraderie?" The Gegno then asks something in their language, and Adrauni begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`
			choice
				`	"Maybe it's better I do leave them alone."`
					goto "better"
				`	"There must be something I can do."`
					goto "understand"

			label "interest"

> 			`	The Quarg turns back to you. "You are here not at the whim of your fanatic species, but at your own behest. Actions you take may be that of a human, but are not willed by that of humanity." Blinking slowly, Adrauni then turns to the Gegno and begins a somewhat lengthy conversation with them.`

Author: Pursing things that don't involve them or would otherwise harm another at the behest of curiosity. I intentionally didn't write it out so you had to ask that question as part of the mystery of Quarg ideas.

			choice
				`	"Is there no way I can work with the Gegno?"`
					goto "work"
				`	"I guess I should leave them alone."`
					goto "alone"

			label "tech"
			`	Adrauni clicks its teeth together in what appears to be a laughing manner, a reaction you have yet to see from it. "And we many Quarg, of those who live among ambitious humans, allowance of our tech have we given? One is not owed rights to another's under pretensive tolerance." The other Quarg in the room look at Adrauni strangely, to which it begins a conversation with them in their own language. After a few moments, they too stare at you with strange looks, followed by an awkward silence, which is broken by Adrauni speaking to you once more. "With us as well, hardly do the Gegno share much intrigue at all."`
			choice
				`	"Then is there no way I can work with the Gegno?"`
					goto "work"
				`	"I guess I should leave them alone."`
					goto "alone"

			label "dont know"

> 			`	"Indeed, you do not. To tolerate is to authorize unrestricted occurrence despite undesired preface. In this lies not the Gegno's interest, as once I have said before." It looks up in thought for several moments. "Perhaps in your naive judgment I am mistaken. Humans tolerate their own undesirables, those who have come to be known as corsairs. Portions of your species permit their tiresome actions, while others do not. Be that as it may, suppose a species other than humanity begins similar agitation. I would presume the case to be different." Adrauni then begins a conversation with the other Quarg in the room.`

Author: This would be under the knowledge that First Last *knows* about the Korath raids, which is not always the case, and I wouldn't give rebuttal or clarification of that here. If anything, perhaps the Quarg is intentionally not speaking of them, or is, but in the usual "Quarg pretending not to know" way.

				accept

	npc
		on provoke
			fail
			"reputation: Gegno" = -100
			"reputation: Gegno Vi" = -100
			"reputation: Gegno Scin" = -100
			dialog `After deciding to fire upon the Gegno fleet surveying your visit to their homeworld, you are met with aggressive opposition along with what sound like countless angry hails. Whatever chance you had left in associating with the Gegno is gone now.`
		government "Gegno Vi (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system "Heutesl"
		fleet "Vi Warfleet" 3
	npc
		on provoke
			fail
			"reputation: Gegno" = -100
			"reputation: Gegno Vi" = -100
			"reputation: Gegno Scin" = -100
			dialog `After deciding to fire upon the Gegno fleet surveying your visit to their homeworld, you are met with aggressive opposition along with what sound like countless angry hails. Whatever chance you had left in associating with the Gegno is gone now.`
		government "Gegno Scin (Neutral)"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system "Heutesl"
		fleet "Scin Warfleet" 3

# Figure a workaround for removing clearance if player shoots the defense fleets.

mission "Acquiescence"
	landing
	clearance
	source "Dueyu Eitch"

> 	passengers 1

Author: I don't think Adrauni would know that the Gegno would board the ship at all, but perhaps I add some block text for the mission. The first contact also has a passenger of 1 but doesn't mention it as well.

	to offer
		or
			has "Gegno Anticipation: offered"
			has "Gegno Intervention: offered"
		not "Gegno Anticipation: failed"
		not "Gegno Intervention: failed"

	destination "Tschyss"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The Gegno display caution once more as fleets of both Vi and Scin ships orbit their homeworld while you approach it. Your Quarg "escort", which was already in the system before you, stays behind. A few smaller Gegno ships from the fleets follow you down to the planet's surface, forming up in front of you to lead you to your destination.`

Author: It is meant to say, they didn't really escort you from the ringworld to the Gegno system, they were already just there. It's a few jumps from Aleit to Heutesl, so it's not really "escorting".

			`	At this point, action you take now would be solely of your own discretion, however there is only one choice left for you to make.`
			choice
				`	(Meet with the Gegno.)`
				`	(Leave the Gegno and their world.)`
					goto "no more gegno"

			`	You decide to continue on your endeavor. You've made it this far, considering you're back on their homeworld and they haven't shown any signs of wanting you off of it as of yet. As you approach the Gegno, it indeed seems to be the one you've met in the past. The ships above suddenly fly off, and the Gegno turns around, beginning to head for the massive tower that stands in front of you.`

			label "tower"

> 			`	The tower ahead of you is a true sight to behold. It appears to be larger and taller than anything in human architecture, yet it appears very old, noticeably so compared to the portions you've seen higher above in the clouds of dark smog. The base, which grows larger the higher up the tower goes, is lined with rows of torch-like structures with flames reaching high above them. The interior is just as intriguing - the first area you enter looks like it almost came straight out of some old medieval fantasy story. Everything looks rocky and sculpted in appearance, although some entrances seem to be made of newer metallic materials.`

Author: Essentially, but not so conical in that it's directly angular. Just more bulky and wider at the top, which is why there are suspensions at the bottom.

				to display
					has "Battle over Zydee: offered"

			`	On the far end of the table is a small model of an ice moon, but besides that, nothing else comes up regarding it.`
				to display
					has "Scin on Cyife: offered"

			`	You look up to see the trio of Gegno still intently staring at you, meanwhile all of others surrounding you are glaring at you intensely. On the display, two icons appear side by side, and under each of them are long lists of phrases. As they scroll, the Gegno break out in discussion with one another, some loud and some not. You almost jump when the trio address the crowd and begin a speech of sorts, sometimes gesturing to the crowd, and sometimes gesturing to you. Although most of the Gegno seem frustrated, the trio calms the crowd.`
				to display
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0

			`	The bulkier Gegno of the trio then places a model of a massive Vi warship in the middle of the table, one that you definitely recognize. More angry outbursts come from the Gegno, and while the one who placed the statue glares at you, the other two eventually deescalate the uproar.`
				to display
					has "dead augen"

> 			`	After having gone through the cases in which you've been involved in, the trio addresses the gathering once more with a big speech. Their voices echo through the outside air, and all of the Gegno respond with concurrent bellows or chants, followed by more silence. Oddly enough, you've been treated as an equal with all of the Gegno here - you stand amongst them as part of the gathering, rather than some foreign alien. You aren't restricted at all, even with a weapon on you.`

Author: The only part I'm not sure of here is the last line. They haven't necessarily "allowed you to keep your weapon" - that reads as they've acknowledged it and verbally/some other form of communication/ given you allowance for it. I want to keep it at a sort of passive-tense.

> 			`	After having gone through the cases in which you've been involved in, the trio addresses the gathering once more with a big speech. Their voices echo through the outside air, and all of the Gegno respond with concurrent bellows or chants, followed by more silence. Oddly enough, you've been treated as an equal with all of the Gegno here - you stand amongst them as part of the gathering, rather than some foreign alien. You aren't restricted at all, even with a weapon on you.`

Reviewer 2: I've reverted that last sentence to the original

			`	One of the smaller Gegno in the trio gestures back to you and speaks once more. You still don't understand a word they are saying, but it must have been important, as all of the other Gegno except your guide back away several steps. The trio member invites you with both arms to use the objects and the table, while all three of them back up themselves, leaving you alone in the open with some sort of expectation.`
			choice
				`	(Approach the table and try to explain your situations.)`
					goto "explain"
				`	(Stay where you are and do nothing.)`

			action
				set "gegno: no proclamation"
			`	You don't approach the table, standing awkwardly in the open. Maybe it's better to not say anything at all if you're what they perceive as the problem here. A whole minute of silence goes by, and all of the Gegno, including the trio, haven't so so much as a word, silently judging the choice you've decided to make. The trio then march back to the table, moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
				goto "what does home mean"

			label "explain"

> 			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, to which nobody seems bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves, rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back off from the table with the trio march back up to it, discussing amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`

Author: Not really big on the first line change.

> 			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, to which nobody seems bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves, rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back off from the table with the trio march back up to it, discussing amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Walking up to the table, you try your hardest to explain each situation one by one. Since you can't read or do anything with the actual display on the monitor, you try picking up the models, which nobody seems to be bothered by. At the same time, you gesture using your hands, mainly representing your ship flying "away". You wonder if anything makes any sense to the Gegno, but they don't seem to be paying attention to your words or actions themselves, rather, they seem to respond to the tone and emotion of them. After doing your best to describe everything, you back off from the table, and the trio march back up to it, discussing your response amongst themselves. They start moving all of the models aside as if they're setting up for something.`
```

			choice
				`	(Don't say anything.)`
				`	"...Dueyu Earth?"`
					goto "dueyu"

			`	Without saying a word, you continue to look at the Gegno, and it continues to stare back, pondering your silence. They make a snorting sound with their nose, then leaves you to join the other two behind them.`
				goto "decision"

			label "dueyu"
			`	The Gegno leans closer to your height and shows an expression of possibly disapproval. You panick a little, and some of the others seem surprised that they got this close to you. They then speak in a low rumble, kind of like a whisper spoken aloud. "Eyuu idu keiou ghynem uf, "Dueyu"." Lifting back up, the Gegno heads back to the other two behind them.`

			branch "done with the gegno"
				or
					or
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" <= -100
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" <= -50
					and
						"reputation: Gegno Vi" < 0
						"reputation: Gegno Scin" < 0
						has "zydee interference"
					and
						has "Full Vi Backlash: offered"
						has "dead augen"
					and
						"gegno: encounters" >= 6
						has "gegno: no proclamation"

			label "decision"
			action
				"reputation: Gegno" = 1

> 			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening, meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`

Author: Not fond of the first line. The way it is currently is to evoke more of a finality. Once again just makes it sound less important.

> 			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening, meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`

Reviewer 2: The reason I suggested `Once again` is that narratively, it felt like you were looking into the future. At the time that the reader is processing that sentence, they shouldn't know that this is the last time. Since you're using present tense to describe what is currently happening to the player rather than past tense to describe what has already happened, the wording seems a little premature.

You could avoid that issue with something like this maybe
```suggestion
			`	With a sense of finality, the trio once again beckons to the crowd and begins another long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening, meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`
```
This way, the trio is evoking a sense of finality with their actions rather than through the narration.

> 			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. An image of a space station appears on the screen, and a large discussion begins between the other Gegno, whom have formed back up with each other. Some arguments between various Gegno in the audience start happening, meanwhile, your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you away from the discussion, back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye.`

Author: Adjusted these a little bit but otherwise 👍

			`	Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, which is now surrounded by a large group of Gegno civilians, all gawking at the two of you. You're lead back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. As they did the first time you were with them on the one desert planet, the Gegno heads for your ship, handing you a small compass device, this time marking a different location on the map.`
			`	At the very least, you can take this as they are not done with you yet, so you prepare to travel to your next destination.`
				launch

			label "done with the gegno"

> 			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. Afterwards, the crowd goes silent. Your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye. Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, still as barren as it was earlier. You're lead back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. The Gegno remains at a distance from your ship as you prepare to depart.`

Author: Ditto.

> 			`	For one last time, the trio beckons to the crowd followed by a long speech. Afterwards, the crowd goes silent. Your Gegno guide bumps into you and starts to direct you back to the cage lift with nobody else batting an eye. Several minutes later, you are escorted back to the base of the tower, still as barren as it was earlier. You're lead back to your ship with your head spinning slightly, unsure what to make of that whole encounter. The Gegno remains at a distance from your ship as you prepare to depart.`

Reviewer 3: I think "for one last time" works here, but I agree with the other suggestions.

			
			`	You attempt to get the attention of some of the other Gegno present in the facility, but most of them give you strange glares or outright ignore you, until one seemingly annoyed Gegno gestures to the large cracked display.`

			label "board"
			`	The display, although cracked and beaten up otherwise, still appears functional, presenting a series of graphics in a list that seem to be updating in real-time. On the left side of each graphic are various types of minable asteroids, and on the right are tally marks, which thankfully you can understand. It appears to be some sort of job list linked with the station, which implies that the Gegno are at least giving you a chance to work with them here, to "do your part", or perhaps "make up for what you've done."`
			choice
				`	(Accept one of the jobs.)`
				`	(Leave without doing anything.)`
					goto "nothing"
			
			label "accept"
			`	You fiddle with the screen, trying to decipher how to use it. Some of the Gegno gaze at you for doing so, and while they silently judge, you manage to figure out that it's a touch-sensitive screen, though it takes a lot of force for you to get it to work.`

> 			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of a Lead asteroid, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The graphic that appears the first time you get the device to work is of an Iron asteroid, with five strange-looking tally marks next to it. Mining for them wasn't exactly the first thing you were expecting to do for the Gegno, but it is a start.`
```
The mission requires iron, it seems odd that it specifically mentions a Lead asteroid.

			`	In any case, getting mixed up with what may be some sort of military exercise with the Vi could be dangerous, considering that the planet is home to more of those monsters from before. It's best you take your leave now before the situation gets out of control again.`

			label leave
			`	You decide to withdraw from the area, and the approaching ships continue their way towards the one on the ground as if you weren't present. Regardless of whether or not they were hostile, getting mixed up with what may be some sort of military exercise could be dangerous, especially with the Vi.`

	npc save
		on kill
			set "yvx killed"
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive staying ramming daring uninterested swarming
		system "Vorsuke"
		ship "Rhyolite" "Imtydei"
	npc save
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive staying uninterested swarming
		system "Vorsuke"
		ship "Schist" "Ess Ouec"

mission "Foreign Spectator I"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "Passing Observations: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter "Eogho"
		fail
		event "watcher" 7 14
	npc

> 		on kill

Reviewer 10: Should it be `on provoke`?
This is just because in the Vi duel mission, the stuff happens when you provoke them, not when you kill them.
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/3d017127cecc96c2f912c2d9b011b5d034dc0f08/data/gegno/gegno%20intro%20missions.txt#L563-L588
```suggestion
		on provoke
```
I think `kill` would also mean they can kill each other to fulfill the requirements.
